hey guys Disney collector here with a
brand new film or stand from Geo Trax
so here's film or stand inside is part
of the Geo Trax
where the cars will drive by here we
have a fisher-price logo and it says
film or this tent is all made of plastic
very colourful no stickers here very
cute now let's take photo look at this
film or film or has a big sticker right
here
the eyes are stickers as well as the
license plate and he has phrases let's
check it out engine sounds nice phrase
more alien zones so it looks like he
only has four phrases and sounds well
guys thanks for watching my videos and
stay tuned for a lot more geo tracks
right here on Disney collector